Default `benchmark` based on `deterministic` flag (#11944)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/trainer.rst

|

Defaults to ``True`` if :paramref:`~pytorch_lightning.trainer.Trainer.deterministic` is not set.
This flag sets the ``torch.backends.cudnn.deterministic`` flag. You can read more about its impact
`here <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/randomness.html#cuda-convolution-benchmarking>`__

This is likely to increase the speed of your system if your input sizes don't change. However, if they do, then it
might make your system slower. The CUDNN auto-tuner will try to find the best algorithm for the hardware when a new

> input size is encountered, `ref <https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/what-does-torch-backends-cudnn-benchmark-do/5936>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
input size is encountered. Read more about it `here <https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/what-does-torch-backends-cudnn-benchmark-do/5936>`_.
```

> input size is encountered. Read more about it `here <https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/what-does-torch-backends-cudnn-benchmark-do/5936>`_.

Reviewer 2: This should use two underscores

```suggestion
input size is encountered. Read more about it `here <https://discuss.pytorch.org/t/what-does-torch-backends-cudnn-benchmark-do/5936>`__.
```

Reviewer: quick ques: both are fine I think, but just curious is there any advantage of one over the other?

Reviewer 2: since "here" is commonly used as the link text, using a single underscore could give clashes. I would suggest always using two.
